the liverpool is a
from the departments
a dogma remembered yesterday
76 stores
percent more in pursuit of the common good
accessories
we are two
8 Spain
new the namesake
in 2005 the court its fourth set
efe guadalajara we have in Spain
giráldez
by its spearhead its technological programs
these data refer an interception
and we are looking to implement the lyfc center
with three suppliers
Four years ago in 2004 on Tuesday morning innovative and innovative technologies
saints we ask is another one of those who do not
in extreme cases
the best of the three points at home
problemes symbol
first we had a first phase that was to implement a reading point each
from the walls of the legation
in its replacement
as well as 200 that we have today, there is no doubt about the attempt
the first phase was
in reception consolidation ing
one point in each of those vanity container areas only
kanshil congress containers about 300 thousand containers
for children under 10 years
there once
investment as well as other missile curtains
it was the second phase in which yes
after being a little
The whole area is consolidated all the shipping curtains
catwalks in 68 in buenos aires
Clinical illusion to the needs of our clients begins the development
and integration
that is the truth
my career
with him he has always looked into his eyes
this group home
'rajoy president'
the guarantee the ability to
about alliances
in the part of receiving the benefits closer what are
that today we do not need a com
are of quality to suppliers at a
Yes I have
the nuclear program
x number of containers not very important with respect to the paper that could
take advantage of each of these centers
no need to open
the control part
the benefits we had that day we do not need to wait until the
merchandise and
this activity to corroborate if the container was armed to the most
Right
well in addition to this we also have three
Increase the quality of our service providers in stores
after the merchandise came out from your island we also have
at the west conference
years at the end of 97 percent for suppliers that already deliver at
European
His studies
mariana fabbiani
the organization understands
in rooms as a first option
almost secretly
here in stores
the airline
in the end they are allowed to be better
at the moment good
it's called global
the way to carry these benefits
the transplants through our channel
distribution
the 3d respectively
while the case of vehicles to streamline processes reduce costs
when presenting the case is that I think they represent
the competitive elements
in this sense the expert
6 I meet this puts it back to the technological forefront
even fmi experts
number 2 is a technology that allows us
control better we are manifesting there are no stores anymore
chile 3 miroslav klose
solve could we judge the reliability of dating if that is so
regarding the murder
- Let's punch the cards
months later
yes